Life is about enjoying it before death
El sentido de la vida es disfrutarla antes de morir


In 2010, M$ Windows will be a quantum processing emulation layer for a 128-bit 
mod of a 64-bit hack of a 32-bit patch to a 16-bit GUI for an 8-bit operating 
system written for a 4-bit processor from a 2-bit company that can't stand 
1 bit of competition.

"Things should be made as simple as possible, but not any simpler" 
	- Albert Einstein

- Los verdaderos programadores no hablan de su código. Fue difí­cil
escribirlo, y aun mucho más entenderlo.

- Los verdaderos programadores no dibujan organigramas. Los hombres de las
cavernas dibujaban organigramas, y mira como les ha ido...

- Los verdaderos programadores no trabajan de 9 a 6. Si puede verse alguno a
las 9, es porque ha estado toda la noche trabajando.

- Un programa de ordenador hace lo que usted le ordena que haga, no lo que
usted quiere que haga.

- Caminar sobre las aguas y desarrollar programas a partir de las
especificaciones es fácil, si ambas están congeladas.  (Edward V. Berard)

- Hay dos productos que han salido de Berkeley: el LSD y el UNIX. No creemos
que sea una coincidencia. (Jeremy S. Anderson)

- La programación es una carrera entre ingenieros de software luchando para
construir programas cada vez más grandes, mejores y a prueba de idiotas, y
el universo intentando producir cada vez más grandes y mejores idiotas. Por
ahora, gana el universo. (Rich Cook)

- Sean cuales sean las razones que muevan a una persona a comprarse una
computadora, a la semana se pone a jugar con ella las 26 horas del dí­a.

- Los ordenadores son como los dioses del Antiguo Testamento, repletos de
reglas y faltos de piedad. (Joseph Campbell)

- El objetivo de la informática es construir algo que dure al menos hasta
que hayamos terminado de construirlo.

- Tardo 300 años en construirse, y cuando iba por el 10%, ya se sabí­a que
iba a ser un desastre.  Pero para entonces la inversión habí­a sido tan
grande que se sintieron obligados a seguir. Desde que se terminó, ha costado
una fortuna mantenerla y todaví­a esta en peligro de caerse. No hay ningún
plan para sustituirla porque nunca ha sido necesaria. Supongo que toda
instalación de software tiene programas análogos a lo anterior.
    (K.E.Iverson) (sobre la torre inclinada de Pisa)

- A veces pienso que la prueba más fehaciente de que existe vida inteligente
en el universo es que nadie ha intentado contactar con nosotros. 
  (Bill Watterson, humorista)

- Nunca permitas que un objeto mecánico sepa que tienes prisa.

- El esfuerzo de utilizar las máquinas para emular el pensamiento humano
siempre me ha parecido bastante estúpido. Preferirí­a usarlas para emular
algo mejor. (Edsger Dijkstra)

- Después de dos años de intentos, cientí­ficos del Centro Regional de
Primates de Yerkes han  conseguido dejar a una chimpancé embarazada. Lo  que
prueba que no  hay tarea repugnante para un verdadero cientí­fico.
(Cientí­fico anónimo)

- Solo hay dos cosas infinitas: el universo y la estupidez humana. No se
cual va primero. (Albert Einstein)

- Sonreí­r cuando las cosas van mal, quiere decir que ya tienes a quien
echarle la culpa.

- Hay una teorí­a que afirma que si alguna vez alguien descubre exactamente
para que es el Universo y por que existe, este desaparecerí­a
instantáneamente y seria reemplazado por algo mucho mas raro e inexplicable.
Hay otra teorí­a que afirma que esto ya ha sucedido. (Douglas Adams)

- Si seguimos haciendo lo que estamos haciendo, seguiremos consiguiendo lo
que estamos consiguiendo. (Stephen Covey)

- Los astrónomos aseguran que el universo es finito, lo cual es
reconfortante para aquellos que no podemos recordar donde dejamos las cosas.
(Frank Zappa)

- Se ha descubierto recientemente que la investigación causa cáncer en las
ratas. (Anónimo)

- La lógica es un método sistemático para llegar con confianza a la
conclusión errónea. (Máxima de Manly)

- Las computadoras sirven para optimizar la Ley de Murphy

- Maldecir es el único lenguaje que dominan todos los programadores.

- Los ordenadores no son inteligentes. Solo creen que lo son.

- En el mundo de la informática los problemas no desaparecen, solo se
solapan.

- No puedes encontrar la verdad con la lógica si no la has encontrado ya sin ella.
         G.K. Chesterton


"A human being is part of a whole, called by us the "Universe," 
a part limited in time and space. He experiences himself, 
his thoughts and feelings, as something separated from the rest 
-a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness. 
This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our 
personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest us. 
Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our 
circles of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of 
nature in its beauty. " 
	Albert Einstein (1879-1955)

"The most valuable acquisitions in a scientific or technical education are 
the general-purpose mental tools, which remain serviceable for a lifetime. 
I rate natural language and mathematics as the most important of these tools, 
and computer science as a third. 
[..] The learning of mathematics and computer science together has pedagogical
advantages, for the basic concepts of each reinforce the learning of the other."
	George Forsynthe
		     
The language in which we express our ideas has a strong influence on our 
thought process
	Donald Knuth, 1974


It was like hearing rumors that a group of model rocket enthusiasts had created a 
completely functional Saturn V by exchanging blueprints on the Net and mailing valves 
and flanges to each other.
	Neal Stephenson  "In the Beginning Was The Command Line"
	About the Linux Kernel

Censorship: the editing of the collective human consciousness
        John Perry Barlow

Agnotology: the study of culturally-induced ignorance or doubt, particularly 
the publication of inaccurate or misleading scientific data. 
    Robert N. Proctor

Do not hate your oppressors. They need to be liberated just as you do.
    Ghandi

El precio que los hombres buenos pagan por la indiferencia con respecto a los 
asuntos públicos es el de ser gobernados por los hombres malvados. 
    Platón, 427-357 A.C

I just hope that we are in the eve of a swing in a pendulum that tomorrow will 
wake up and will realize that our fellow citizens have been aroused from their 
stupor, from ther fear based religion and their fear based politics to see
what we have to do to make this tiny, this really tiny pale blue dot a place 
of peace and true goodness.
    Ann Druyan

I like the scientific spirit ---the holding off, the being sure --- but not
too sure, the willingess to surrender ideas when the evidence is against them,
this is ultimately fine -- it keeps the way beyond open.
	Walt Whitman.


They must find it difficult ...
Those who have taken authority as the truth,
Rather than truth as the authority
	G. Massey, Egiptólogo


Damos significado a nuestro mundo por la trascendencia de nuestras preguntas y por la profundidad de nuestras respuestas. 
    Carl Sagan 
    en la serie Cosmos, capí­tulo el espinazo de la noche

"Dar ejemplo no es la principal manera de influir sobre los demás; es la única manera". 
    Antanas Mockus.

Ser optimista no es la principal manera de afrontar la vida, ¡es la única manera!


"Recuerda siempre que tu propia resolución de triunfar es más importante que cualquier otra cosa."
    Abraham Lincoln, 

And every day, everywhere, our children spread their dreams beneath our feet. 
And we should tread softly.
    Ken Robinson.

Theories are lies that help us to see the truth 
    Picasso.

Nothing makes sense in biology except in the light of evolution 
  Dobzhansky.

"Si supiera que el mundo se acaba mañana, yo, hoy todaví­a, plantarí­a un árbol".
    Martin Luther King (1929-1968)

"A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, 
but when there is nothing left to take away" 
  Antoine de Saint-Exupéry

"La vida es una enfermedad que se transmite sexualmente, con una tasa de mortalidad del ciento por ciento".  
  R.D Lang , citado por Peter Hilmore ,Observer , 17 de marzo , 1985. 

"To use violence is to already be defeated."
                -- Chinese proverb

"I personally like to imagine all human activities, including science, as individual fingers of a palm. 
So long as each of these fingers is connected with the palm of basic human empathy and altruism, they 
will continue to serve the well-being of humanity"
    Dalai Lama
    http://www.dalailama.com/messages/buddhism/science-at-the-crossroads


Beneath the surface of the world are the rules of science.
But beneath them, there is a far deeper set of rules.
A matrix of pure mathematics, which explains the nature
of the rules of science, and how it is we can understand
them in the first place.
Bajo la superficie del mundo están las reglas de la ciencia.
Por debajo de ellas, hay un conjunto de reglas aún más profundo.
Una matriz de matemáticas puras que explican la naturaleza
de las reglas de la ciencia, y que hacen posible que
podamos entenderlas.
  David Malone ("Dangerous Knowledge" documentary)


... in mathematics you don't understand things, you just get used to them.
  John von Neumann

If I have seen farther than others, it is because I have stood on the shoulders of giants.
  Issac Newton

The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable persists in trying 
to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable.
  George Bernard Shaw

"To be right in everything, we ought always to hold that the white which I see, 
is black, if the Hierarchical Church so decides it"
  Ignatius Loyola of the 16th century wrote in his Spiritual Exercises.


"Just because you're paranoid don't mean they're not after you"
  Kurt Cobain

"Arguments that explain everything ... explain nothing."
  Cristopher Hitchens

All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing
    Edmund Burke (January 12, 1729 - July 9, 1797)

What can be asserted without evidence can also be dismissed without evidence.
  Cristopher Hitchens (2003, Slate)

 ... there is a dialectical usefulness to considering the conventional arguments in reverse, 
 as it were. For example, to the old theistic question, "Why is there something rather than nothing?" 
 we can now counterpose the findings of Professor Lawrence Krauss and others, about the foreseeable 
 heat death of the universe.... So, the question can and must be rephrased: Why will our brief "something" 
 so soon be replaced with nothing? It's only once we shake our own innate belief in linear progression 
 and consider the many recessions we have undergone and will undergo that we can grasp the gross stupidity 
 of those who repose their faith in divine providence and godly design.
  Cristopher Hitchens

"Philosophy is a by-product of missunderstanding language"
  Ludwig Wittgenstein

"Preserve your memories; they're all that's left you."
  Simon and Garfunkel sang on the Bookends album


The more things you know, or pretend to know,
the more powerful you are. It doesn't matter if the things are true.
What counts, remember, is to possess a secret.
    Umberto Eco

La literatura crea una fraternidad dentro de la diversidad humana y eclipsa 
las fronteras que erigen entre hombres y mujeres la ignorancia, las 
ideologí­as, las religiones, los idiomas y la estupidez. 
    Mario Vargas Llosa.


Primero te ignoran, después se rí­en de ti, luego te atacan,
entonces ganas.
	Ghandi.



"There is in this universe much of what seems to be designed. But instead, we 
repeatedly discover that natural processes -- collisional selection of worlds, say, or
natural selection of gene pools, or even the convection pattern in a pot of boiling 
water -- can extract order out of chaos and deceive us into deducing purpose where 
there is none.
The significance of our lives, and our fragile planet, is then determined only by our 
own wisdom and courage. We are the custodians of life's meaning. We long for a parent 
to care for us, to forgive us our errors, to save us from our childish mistakes. But 
knowledge is preferable to ignorance. Better by far to embrace the hard truth than a 
reassuring fable. If we crave some cosmic purpose, then let us find ourselves a 
worthy goal."
    Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot



"Si la creencia en dios fuera natural no habría necesidad de enseñarla. Los niños la tendrían
al igual que los adultos, el lego y el cura, tanto el pagano como el misionero. No tenemos 
que enseñar los elementos generales de la naturaleza humana; -- los cinco sentidos, ver, oir,
oler, probar y sentir. Son universales; asi que la religión parecería ser natural, pero no lo
es. Al contrario, es un hecho interesente y demostrable, que todos los niños son Ateos, y si la 
religion no fuera inculcada en sus mentes asi continuarían. Incluso son grandes escépticos, hasta 
que son blanco de la potente arma con la cual la religión ha sido propagada siempre, a saber, el
temor -- temor del flagelo de la opinión publica aqui, del celoso y vengativo Dios en el mas allá. 
No; no hay religión en la naturaleza humana, ni naturaleza humana en la religión. Es puramente
artificial, el resultado de la educación, mientras el Ateismo es natural, y, si la mente humana
no fuera pervertida y confundida por los misterios y las necedades de la superstición, sería
universal.". Ernestine L. Rose "Una defensa del Ateismo" (1878, Mujeres sin Superstición ed.
Annie Laurie Gaylor, Madison, WI: FFRF, 1997), p. 82


"If the belief in god were natural, there would be no need to
teach it. Children would possess it as well as adults, the layman
as the priest, the heathean as much as the missionary. We don't
have to teach the general elements of human nature; -- the five
senses, seeing, hearing, smelling, tasting, and feeling. They are
universal; so would religion be were it natural, but it is not. On
the contrary, it is an interesting and demonstrable fact, that all
children are Atheists, and were religion not inculcated into their
minds they would remain so. Even as it is, they are great
sceptics, until made sensible of the potent weapon by which
religion has ever been propagated, namely, fear - - fear of the
lash of public opinion here, and of jealous, vindictive God
hereafter. No; there is no religion in human nature, nor human
nature in religion. It is purely artificial, the result of education,
while Atheism is natural, and, were the human mind not
perverted and bewildered by the mysteries and follies of
superstition, would be universal." 
    Ernestine L. Rose, "A Defence of Atheism" 
    (1878, Women Without Superstition ed. Annie Laurie Gaylor, Madison, WI: FFRF, 1997), p. 82. 


We are all atheists about most of the gods that societies have ever believed in. 
Some of us just go one god further.
  -- Richard Dawkins

By all means let's be open-minded, but not so open-minded that our brains drop out.
  -- Richard Dawkins

De cerca, nadie es normal
  -- Caetano Veloso

"What do you think about Western Civilisation?"
"I think it would be a good idea!"
  -- Mohandas Karamchad Ghandi

When you’re scientifically literate, the world looks different to you. It’s a particular way of 
questioning what you see and hear. When empowered by this state of mind, objective realities 
matter. These are the truths of the world that exist outside of whatever your belief system 
tells you.
Neil deGrasse Tyson
http://www.haydenplanetarium.org/tyson/read/2011/08/21/if-i-were-president


Christianity: The belief that a cosmic Jewish Zombie who was his own father can make you live forever 
if you symbolically eat his flesh and telepathically tell him you accept him as your master, so he 
can remove an evil force from your soul that is present in humanity because a rib-woman was convinced 
by a talking snake to eat from a magical tree.
  - Anonymous post in:
  http://entertainment.slashdot.org/story/12/02/17/0113220/james-randis-latest-debunking-operation

"The ultimate measure of a person is not where they stand in moments
of comfort and convenience, but where they stand in times of challenge
and controversy." 
  - Dr Martin Luther King, Jr 

The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
	- Robert R. Coveyou, Oak Ridge National Laboratory
	
In the fantastic 'A General Theory of Love', psychologists Thomas Lewis, Fari Amini, and Richard Lannon give this beautiful definition:
"Science is an inherent contradiction — systematic wonder — applied to the natural world."

“I know from teaching, you never really learn something until you have to teach it,” 
    Anant Agarwal http://web.mit.edu/newsoffice/2012/mitx-anant-agarwal-profile-0420.html
    
“Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't after you”. 
    Kurt Cobain

The Scientific Revolution was when scientists—‘natural philosophers’—stopped bullshitting and started acting like engineers.
	John Doyle. http://leecenter.caltech.edu/doyle-res.html


Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
    Thomas Jones (1892 - 1969) 	

I often say that when you can measure what you are speaking about and
express it in numbers you know something about it; but when you cannot
express it in numbers your knowledge is a meagre and unsatisfactory
kind: it may be the beginning of knowledge but you have scarcely, in your
thoughts, advanced to the stage of science, whatever the matter may be.
    Lord Kelvin (1824–1907)
   

"It's a tragedy that we have to add the word Open to Science"
 	Will Schroeder 

Human knowledge increasingly exists in digital form, so building new and 
better models requires the improvement of software.
	Keith Cary Curtis - "After the Software Wars"

Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, it doesn't go away.
    Philip K. Dick
    
The foolish reject what they see, not what they think; the wise reject what they think, not what they see
     Zen master Huang Po
     
"All models are wrong but some are useful" 
     George Box
     
"I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do.
When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will 
understand why I dismiss yours.”
     Stephen F. Roberts
     
"Auguste Comte, father of positivism, wrote in 1835 that we shall never know what stars are made of (2).
A few decades later, the chemical composition of stars was deduced by spectral analysis of their light (3)"
   Christof Koch in "Do not understimate science", letter to Science.
References
2. A. Comte, Cours de Philosophie Positive (1830-1842)
3. G. R. Kirchhoff, R. BUnsen, Ann. Phys. (1860); pp 110,160.
  

"If there is no right to privacy, there can be no true freedom of expression and opinion,
and therefore no effective democracy"
	Dilma Roussef (UN speech after USA NSA leaks)

	
Why would I make one woman so miserable when I can make so many women very happy? 
  - Benny Hill

"The purpose of our lives is to be happy"
  - Dalai Lama

"A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.”
  - Bob Dylan

"When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." 
 - Henry Ford
 
 “PRAY, v. To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled in behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy.”